Update team-chat-member-api-changes.md (#2908)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/team-chat-member-api-changes.md

---
# Changes to Teams Bot APIs for Fetching Team/Chat Members

>[!NOTE]

> > We've started with deprecation process for `TeamsInfo.getMembers` and `TeamsInfo.GetMembersAsync`. Initially, they will be throttled to 5 requests per minute and return a maximum of 10K members per team. This can result in the full roster not being returned as the team size [increases](https://blogs.microsoft.com/2020/09/22/whats-new-in-microsoft-teams-microsoft-ignite-2020/). Please refer to the [steps below](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/resources/team-chat-member-api-changes#api-changes) to update your SDK and code to use the latest paginated API endpoints.

Reviewer: We need to say which SDK version to upgrade to.

> > We've started with deprecation process for `TeamsInfo.getMembers` and `TeamsInfo.GetMembersAsync`. Initially, they will be throttled to 5 requests per minute and return a maximum of 10K members per team. This can result in the full roster not being returned as the team size [increases](https://blogs.microsoft.com/2020/09/22/whats-new-in-microsoft-teams-microsoft-ignite-2020/). Please refer to the [steps below](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/resources/team-chat-member-api-changes#api-changes) to update your SDK and code to use the latest paginated API endpoints.

Reviewer: > to use the latest paginated API endpoints
or the get single member API -- in some cases that is the right thing to do.

> >[!NOTE]
> > We've started with deprecation process for `TeamsInfo.getMembers` and `TeamsInfo.GetMembersAsync`. Initially, they will be throttled to 5 requests per minute and return a maximum of 10K members per team. This can result in the full roster not being returned as the team size [increases](https://blogs.microsoft.com/2020/09/22/whats-new-in-microsoft-teams-microsoft-ignite-2020/). Please refer to the [steps below](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/resources/team-chat-member-api-changes#api-changes) and update to version 4.8 (or above) of the Bot Framework SDK and switch to the paginated API endpoints or the `TeamsInfo.GetMemberAsync` single user API.

Reviewer 2: Suggest we keep the first two sentences of this note same as that of the previous note.
```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
> We've started with deprecation process for `TeamsInfo.getMembers` and `TeamsInfo.GetMembersAsync`. Initially, they will be throttled to 5 requests per minute and return a maximum of 10K members per team. This can result in the full roster not being returned as the team size [increases](https://blogs.microsoft.com/2020/09/22/whats-new-in-microsoft-teams-microsoft-ignite-2020/). To view the list of upcoming changes, update to version 4.8 or higher, and to switch to the paginated API endpoints or the `TeamsInfo.GetMemberAsync` single user API, see [API changes](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/resources/team-chat-member-api-changes#api-changes). 
```

Author: I'm okay with this framing if it's all the same to you. We need to explicit in this page.

## API Changes
Here are the upcoming API changes:

* We've created a new API [`TeamsInfo.GetPagedMembersAsync`](../../bots/how-to/get-teams-context.md?tabs=dotnet#fetching-the-roster-or-user-profile) for retrieving profile information for members of a chat/team. This API is now available with the Bot Framework 4.10 SDK. For development in all other versions use the [`GetConversationPagedMembers`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.bot.connector.conversationsextensions.getconversationpagedmembersasync?view=botbuilder-dotnet-stable&preserve-view=true) method. 
  > [!NOTE]

>   > In either v3 or v4, the best action is to upgrade to the latest point release (3.30.2 or 4.10 respectively). 

Reviewer: Not clear to me exactly what we mean here. (4.10 isn't the latest release of the SDK.)

Reviewer 2: @aosolis - can we remove the note then? This was already there in the document, I have just formatted it as a note as we do in markdown.

Author: removing mention of version to simplify

* We've created a new API [`TeamsInfo.GetMemberAsync`](../../bots/how-to/get-teams-context.md?tabs=dotnet#get-single-member-details) for retrieving the profile information for a single user. It takes the ID of the team/chat and a [UPN](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/ad/naming-properties#userprincipalname) (`userPrincipalName`, *see above*), Azure Active Directory Object ID (`objectId`, *see above*), or the Teams user ID (`id`, *see above*) as parameters and returns the profile information for that user. 
  > [!NOTE]
  > We're changing `objectId` to `aadObjectId` to match what it's called in the `Activity` object of a Bot Framework message. The new API is available with version 4.10 of the Bot Framework SDK. It will soon be available in the Teams SDK extension Bot Framework 3.x as well; meanwhile you can use the [REST](../../bots/how-to/get-teams-context.md?tabs=json#get-single-member-details) endpoint.

> * `TeamsInfo.GetMembersAsync` (C#) and `TeamsInfo.getMembers` (TypeScript/Node.js) is formally deprecated and will stop working in late 2021. Please updated your bots to use the paged APIs. (This also applies to the [underlying REST API these APIs use](../../bots/how-to/get-teams-context.md?tabs=json#tabpanel_CeZOj-G++Q_json).)

Reviewer: Typo: "Please update your bots"

Author: thanks!
